In this scenario,
we're working an incident which cannot be
resolved because the root cause is unknown,
and there is no available workaround to get the user up and running again.
In this case,
we will need to place the incident on hold
and initiate the problem management process to investigate the root cause,
identify an appropriate fix,
or establish a viable workaround we can use to restore service temporarily.
To place the incident on hold,
change the state to on hold.
When you choose this option,
the on-hold reason field becomes available.
From the drop-down,
choose a waiting problem.
OK,
let's save our changes.
Now we want to create a problem record to engage
the problem management team in root cause analysis activities.
To do this,
open the more actions menu and choose create problem.
A new problem record is created,
pre-populated with data from the originating incident.
We can make changes if we need to,
but in this case,
it looks good.
So let's assign the problem.
Click assign
In the modal window,
select the problem management assignment group.
Add work notes
Then click save.
The problem has now been created and
placed in the problem management group's queue,
where it can be picked up or assigned to a problem manager for investigation.
Now,
if we go back to our original incident,
you know,
we can see the state is on hold awaiting problem.
And if we scroll down to the related records section,
we can see the problem record we just created
and can quickly navigate between records as the investigation progresses.